Uh. I was wondering if you
by any chance--
Still had the offer?
Maybe a fresh start would be good.
What about taking our finger to a lab?
[Detective Donna Williams]
Mm-hmm.
I mean. if it isn't Jay Pflug's.
whose is it?
There's a secret room in the building
where your husband
ran an illegal poker game.
I'm more interested
in what you're up to. Charles.
-[kiss smacking]
-You hooked up with a suspect!
I can't find my phone.
I might have left it in the minivan.
Or Sofia stole it.
Oliver. get your car.
we're gonna intercept her.
-Wait. you just missed our turn!
-No. no. this is a shortcut.
-How do you know that?
-I grew up here.
What is she doing in Flatbush?
I don't know. but maybe you could
shop for apartments while we're here.
All these invoices
are made out to "Tommy."
Tommy the Tongue is not a person.
it's a company.
And that company is worth
a shit-ton of money.
except that money
was withdrawn. all of it.
-first thing this damn morning.
-By who?
[Det. Williams] Who would want
the money that bad to kill those dudes?
Hide!
Their wives.
[♪ soulful operatic music playing]
[Maria Callas singing in Italian]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Rainey sighs]
[♪ operatic music continues playing]
[Loretta Durkin]
What makes a home?
Is it just four walls sheltering
the accumulation of a whole life?
[♪ operatic music continues playing]
[Sofia breathes deeply]
[Loretta] Or is it the safe house
for all your memories?
-[Nonna grunting]
-[Sofia sighing]
[Loretta] The good...
[pistachio shells clattering]
[Loretta] ...and the bad.
[Sofia exhaling sharply]
[♪ operatic music continues playing]
[Loretta]
After you leave childhood behind.
the first home you make for yourself
becomes so much a part
of your identity
that on sleepless nights.
it forces you to wonder...
who are you without your home?
[♪ operatic music continues playing]
[fire crackling]
[glass shattering]
And what would you do if it were gone?
[siren wailing]
[flames roaring]
[♪ operatic music continues playing]
[knocking at door]
[sighs] Oh.
It's all gone.
[sobbing chuckle] Everything. everything.
-Everything.
-I know. baby.
-I know. my love.
-[Loretta sobbing]
[♪ operatic music continues playing]
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
[♪ lively theme song playing]
[♪ theme song concludes]
[dishes clattering]
No. I was on set when the call came in.
That's why I went
straight to the airport.
[sighs] They said it was a short
in my electric tea kettle.
Oh.
-You know...
-Look. look. I...
I want you to know one thing.
Not everything is gone.
I know. I have you. you have me.
That's really--
That's all that matters. I...
-Yeah.
-Wow. you really sold that.
No. but it's my dad's dog tags
from Omaha Beach.
You know? And then I only had
a few little pictures of Dicky--
of the baby
before I had to give him up.
and all my Playbills. and...
[sighs] ...just. you know. all my stuff.
It's my stuff.
Okay. come here.
Over here.
-[Loretta sighing]
-So now. you have new stuff!
-[Loretta gasping]
-Our stuff. our wedding haul.
-Oh. my God.
-[chuckles]
It's just not. you know. the stuff.
it's just 47 years
I was in that apartment.
I just feel like part of me is gone.
Well. now. part of you
now looks like a cabbage tureen.
-[both laughing]
-[front door opens and closes]
Oliver. Only Murders in the Building.
season five:
-Widows' Peak.
-How good is that?
Because the widows have
piqued our suspicion.
Different spelling. but we think it plays.
Yeah.
-Hi.
-[Loretta] Mm.
-Loretta. I'm so sorry.
-[Loretta] Oh.
You're a sweetie.
But you know. I didn't fly
all this way for doom and gloom.
-[Charles chuckles]
-[chuckles] Let's talk murder. Hi.
-Uh. hi...
-[♪ whimsical music playing]
-[recorder beeps]
-Sofia Caccimelio.
seen handing a plaid bag
to Lester's widow
after a mysterious bank account...
How do I make accounting sexy?
-Can I?
-Yeah.
Um...
Two scorned women.
black widows. slain husbands.
[Oliver Putnam] Ooh.
-Swiss accounts.
-Oh!
Who said anything
about Swiss accounts?
Yeah. you want sexy?
She's serving sexy.
-[recorder beeps]
-Okay. we now have two new suspects
that we can actually podcast about.
Although. Charles made out
with Sofia.
who made off with his phone.
Oh! She returned the phone.
She didn't call up.
so she doesn't wanna see me again.
Thank goodness!
She's a murderous mob wife.
We hit it. we quit it. we over.
I've had the entrée.
and now I'm back to the apps.
the dating apps.
[Loretta chuckles]
I was all over the apps
before I met you. Ollie.
Well. I-- I also dabbled. you know.
[chuckles] Last Gasp. Yeah.
-Old-Gasm.
-[Loretta laughing]
-Silver Shrivel.
-[Oliver laughing]
Help... [panting rapidly]
I've fallen in love--
And I can't get it up.
[both laughing]
[Oliver moaning]
-[clearing throat] Hey. guys?
-[Loretta/Oliver moaning]
Hey. guys. um. let's focus on Rainey.
-Oh. yeah. Okay. sorry.
-Because where was she
the night of the murders?
And what did Sofia give her
in the plaid bag?
You know. Oliver.
since you're from Brooklyn--
Oh. sure. send the Brooklynite
to Brooklyn.
I thought you young people
were against profiling.
Anyway. Rainey hates me.
Hm. but she doesn't know me.
[with Cajun accent]
Or Emily Lawler.
Emily Lawler. the-- the detective
I played on SVU.
-Oh. Uh. yes. yes. yes. yes. Right.
-Yeah. it was a small part. but I mean...
She had a great chunky Cajun drawl.
you know. and she had
a great backstory.
She. um...
[with Cajun accent]
...she fell down a well as a child.
Her backstory was that
she was in a well?
[with Cajun accent]
She fell down a well as a child.
She was down a well three days.
just her and the 'gator.
[normal]
I had a whole monologue about it.
It was gonna be my breakout. I thought.
But then. they cut it.
and they just pulled the whole episode.
and you know. who knows why.
-[chuckles] Is it too long? Maybe.
-Eh...
But what is long?
-I mean. if you--
-[clearing throat] I think this
may be too long.
Okay. but I just wanted
to be Emily Lawler.
because I've had a-- [softly whimpers]
a really bad day.
and I don't wanna be me.
-I don't...
-Oh. babe. Baby. baby. baby.
-[kiss smacking]
-Let's-- Let's go to Brooklyn.
You show me your hometown. 'kay?
-Okay. okay.
-Okay.
And do you still have the trench coat
from Death Rattle Dazzle?
-Because I think Emily would feel...
-[♪ whimsical music playing]
[with Cajun accent]
...buck naked without her trench coat.
[Oliver]
I love that we can share clothes.
-[Oliver/Loretta chuckling]
-[Loretta] We can share.
Quirky.
[knocking at door]
-I'm here for a finger.
-Charles!
-Finally!
-[ice rattling]
I hate having a body part in my freezer.
I wake up for a midnight snack
and it's Haagen-Dazs. finger.
Haagen-Dazs. finger.
-Damn.
-I know.
Without the hand. it looks kinda lonely.
No. I mean "damn."
as in. this is just ice.
[ice clattering]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
-What?
-Someone fingered your finger.
[♪ suspenseful music continues]
-[door shuts]
-[♪ music stops]
Well. there's no signs of forced entry.
How's it look in there?
Anything outta place?
Anything missing?
Everything seems the same.
Oh. shit. y'all got
the big. nice ice cubes.
I love the big. nice ice cubes.
make you feel rich.
-Well. it's the little things. I guess.
-[Det. Williams chuckles]
Wait a minute. What's that?
Maybe the finger thief left it?
Oh wait. no.
I might have.
I'm trying something new.
Uh. boots with rubber soles. very cool.
Housekeeper must've overlooked this.
I'll take a photo.
-She appreciates. uh. visual feedback.
-[camera clicking]
Don't we all?
Charles. when was the last time
you laid eyes on the finger?
When we put it in the freezer.
Great. so it could have been stolen
anytime in the last week.
-Mm-hmm.
-[phone chiming]
Oh.
Last Gasp notification.
-I'm talking to someone very nice.
-[Det. Williams] Oh. yeah?
And what's her kinks. huh?
Murdering? Dealing?
Hitting and running?
You know what? I deserve that.
But that's why I'm trying online dating
to meet someone good for a change.
And have you?
-Mm. [giggling]
-Okay. you're being cute.
Let me see a pic.
Yep.
That's just a chin.
Yeah. it's a chin.
Come on.
We're doing a little game where
we exchange body part photos very slowly.
and I kinda roll it out. you know?
-[phone chiming]
-Holy!
[sucking teeth] Wow!
No.
No. you're not wearing an earring.
-Yes.
-No. you're not.
-Priscilla likes it. Yeah.
-I-- I don't care what she says. you're--
-Okay. I'm taking it off. there you--
-[Det. Williams] Okay. guys. Stop.
How can I get access
to security cameras in the building?
Howard's robot BFF.
-They're in the lobby.
-There we go.
-Okay. let's test my...
-Okay.
-[chuckles] ...Oliver lore.
-Yes.
-Flatbush.
-You lived here from nine to 12...
-Yeah. mm-hmm.
...with your second set
of foster parents...
-Right.
-...Sue and Al.
Sue had the six cats.
Al had the. uh. drinking problem.
-No. no. no. no. no. she had eight cats.
-Oh.
And he called it a "drinking opportunity."
[chuckles]
Oh. what I'd give to see you
-playing stickball in a purple scarf...
-Yeah.
...with those little preteen gams...
-[laughing]
-...just sliding right into home.
[♪ ice cream truck music playing]
[distant children shouting
and clamoring]
[Young Oliver] Can I play?
[Loretta] Ollie?
-[kid 1] Ice cream!
-[kid 2] Hurry up!
-[kid 1] Not it!
-[kid 2] Not it!
[♪ ice cream truck music
continues playing]
[bike bell ringing]
[children clamoring and laughing]
[Young Oliver sighing heavily]
[♪ ice cream truck music
slowly fades out]
I'd say I miss those gams.
but who are we kidding?
-I still got 'em.
-[chuckles] Oh. yeah.
-[chuckles]
-It's true.
[♪ pensive music playing]
[realtor chattering indistinctly]
-[Loretta gasps]
-[Oliver] Ooh. okay.
Rainey kills her husband
and instantly puts her place up for sale.
That plaid bag is in there.
[with Cajun accent]
I feel it. I feel it.
And Emily Lawler's instincts
are never wrong.
[elevator dings]
[♪ pop dance music playing]
So embarrassing. caught listening
to your own song. right?
[Mabel Mora] [laughing]
Yeah. it's so cool.
Oh. let me just...
[Det. Williams singing along]
♪ I know you're watchin' ♪
♪ So go ahead. read my lips ♪
♪ Baby. I know
you're so obsessed ♪
♪ You see me in your dreams ♪
Girl. this is you? This is a bop!
-[gasps] Thank you! I know. right?
-[giggling]
But I just can't figure out
how to turn it off.
-[volume increasing]
-♪ Wish that you were me ♪
[Charles singing along]
♪ Don't you wish that you were me ♪
♪ Don't you wish that
you were me ♪
[THĒ]
Ah. okay. There we go.
[Mabel] Yeah. it's still on.
Wait.
Are you-- Are you guys on a case?
-Yeah. there was a break-in--
-No. No!
-I mean. no. there's nothing. No.
-[Det. Williams scoffs]
A break-in?
Wait. you're on the 14th floor. right?
I wonder.
Okay. so last night. Gaga calls me.
-[gasps]
-And then after. I run into Seth-- Rogen--
and we end up back at my penthouse
doing shrooms.
And we're looking out the window
and we're just. like.
tripping on this little light
that keeps moving around
the 14th floor on the East Tower.
You think there was someone
in my apartment?
Or she was just hallucinating.
[chuckles] That is what Seth Rogen said.
-You could just call him Seth.
-No. I think it might be confusing.
'cause I'm also really good friends
with Seth Meyers.
-[sarcastically] Oh.
-So. anyway.
Seth Rogen and I. we end up
going to an apartment.
and sure enough. there is a little light
moving under the door.
Wait. hold up. do you remember
what the apartment was?
14C.
And I thought that the C.
it looked like a little person
wanting a hug.
[sighs]
But no one was hugging it back.
[elevator dings]
Oh my God. oh my God.
THĒ!
I love you so much.
Can we take a picture?
-[camera clicking]
-Mora?
I'm gonna need you to talk to her
to get some more information.
-Wh...
-Yeah. I clocked it.
Middle school besties.
did everything together.
until you had some nuclear-level
friendship blow-up.
Wow.
You are a great detective.
No. I was just a teenage girl.
But then I got titties. and so did you.
So. we grow up. we get over it.
and we move on. yeah?
[♪ contemplative music playing]
-[Loretta] [softly] Hi.
-Hello there.
Feel free. the flyers are there
for your perusal.
[with Cajun accent]
Why. thank you very much.
Okay. Nice hat. [sniffling]
Oh!
-Hello.
-Hello. welcome.
-Thanks.
-Have a look.
Oh. this is the exact layout
as the place I grew up in.
[coughing]
Oh. good. you-- you kept
the original floors.
-[continues coughing]
-And the tuberculosis.
-[Oliver clearing throat]
-[realtor coughing]
[stairs creaking]
[♪ distant opera music playing]
[♪ opera music continues playing]
[record crackling]
[Loretta]
Hmm.
-[door banging]
-[Loretta screaming]
This room is off limits.
I'm so. so. so sorry
to scream out like that.
Um...
[with Cajun accent]
Uh. it's. um. PTSD from the well.
but I-- I won't-- I won't bore you
with the whole story.
Name's Emily Lawler. just up here
by way of Natchitoches.
Big change
for a little swamp girl like me.
I was headin' on. uh. up the stairs
and I heard "Vissi d'arte."
You know Tosca?
Oh. do I!
I played the Maria Callas part
in my senior year at Lafayette.
Is that Floria Tosca's... dagger?
This is the same one Maria Callas used
in her final performance
of Tosca at The Met.
-Oh...
-Isn't it wonderful?
My husband came across it
at a police repo auction.
-Mm.
-On our 10th anniversary.
It was perfect!
He died this month.
Oh.
My condolences.
I lost mine this past year.
[normal voice]
In a fire. I lost everything.
-[sighs] Oh.
-So...
[resumes Cajun accent]
Is this your lucky fella?
No. no. no.
I was his lucky gal.
And we were married for 30 years.
and every night
he would come home
and kiss me on the head.
And then one night. no kiss and...
he was gone.
Yeah. he fell into the fountain
of the courtyard where we married.
[sighs]
Hmm.
Look at that woodwork!
[laughing]
You don't see moldings
like that no more.
-Oh. my God.
-Yeah. 100% pine.
-Are you serious?
-On my mother--
-I would not lie to you. my friend.
-Ah!
[coughing] Listen. uh.
not for nothing. uh.
what's your credit score?
[realtor explosively coughing]
Excuse me one sec.
I'll be right back.
[continues coughing loudly]
-Pardon me.
-[under breath] Jesus Christ.
-[doors creaking]
-[gasps]
There are the bags.
Ah. look at them.
[Young Oliver]
Al. Sue. come on!
I'm asking you. please.
The play's not a waste of time.
-I think you'll like it.
-Look enough of this.
We're not going to any play.
and neither are you.
We took him in.
If he's got any free time.
he can work at the goddamn store.
-Ah. don't be difficult now.
-[Young Oliver sighs]
And it'll feel good for you
to contribute to this house.
-Aw.
-Al!
[Young Oliver] Not fair.
[echoing sigh]
[♪ soft melancholy music playing]
-If I may.
-Hmm?
Why are you sellin'?
I would give anything
to at least have my home
and my-- my stuff back.
Yeah. I thought I'd feel
the same way. but...
you know. I look around.
and honestly. I...
I don't want any of this.
I want him.
[♪ gentle pensive music playing]
Yeah.
And. anyway. it's not like
I can afford to stay here.
I'm even selling the dagger.
My son thinks I can get
$500 for this on eBay.
-Yeah.
-Oh. Mm.
You wouldn't want this. would you?
So. you didn't find the bag.
but you gave our suspect $500
-to keep a weapon?
-[sighs]
You didn't find a bag either. [sniffles]
Uh. side note.
how much cash do you carry?
Oh. you know I don't trust banks.
-Oh. and I do?!
-[scoffs]
Uh...
[sighs]
I don't care about my stuff.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
[moans softly]
And that woman...
That woman didn't kill her husband.
[chuckles]
-She's barely hanging on.
-[car door closes]
-Loretta. look.
-[sighs]
The daily meeting
of the Innocent Wives Club.
And that's the mobster's wife.
-Oh!
-And that is a plaid bag
full of money. I'm guessing.
[gasping] She played me.
She played me like a fuckin' fiddle.
We're in pursuit. Putnam!
Oh! Uh. yeah. okay.
-[Howard giggling]
-Howard. we need Robot Lester's help.
He prefers "LESTR."
You can use "Human Lester"
for the dead one.
Oh. speaking of. I've styled new LESTR up
a bit more dashingly than the last one.
So. what do you need?
LESTR can do anything.
Except cleanup spills.
We're still shy around water.
[LESTR robot]
I got killed by water yesterday.
[shushing]
Howard's gonna keep you dry.
You're safe with Howard.
-I don't feel safe at all.
-[Mabel] Howard. we need to see footage
of Charles' front door
from last night around...
What time were you creeping around?
With Seth Rogen?
Around 2:30.
Ooh. I'm so excited. I did a clue.
-[LESTR beeping]
-LESTR. 2:30.
-You got that. babe?
-[LESTR robot] Gotcha. Daddy.
[Charles-Haden Savage]
Is that grooming?
Now. at the academy
they prepared us for a lot of stuff.
but I ain't never seen no shit like this.
I'm shook.
-Okay. this is 1:00 to 3:00 a.m.
-[LESTR whirring]
-Let me know when to stop.
-Okay.
I was wearing my red feather cape.
couture. gifted by Donatella.
-Yeah?
-She raises. plucks.
and slaughters the birds.
humanely. of course.
So. just look for plumes. I'll pop.
[footage whirring]
[Mabel]
Yeah. I don't see any feathers.
Are you sure this is the right time?
LESTR doesn't make mistakes.
Well. I think he did.
because I was there.
Were you. though? I mean.
maybe you were just telling a story
about your celebrity friend.
and pretend you saw
something that you didn't see
just because you have to make it
-all about you.
-Mora!
Oh. Okay. yep. right there.
See. look.
Can you go back to it again.
but just go slower?
[Howard Morris] Here you go.
[footage glitching]
-[Charles] Was that...
-Humane fuckin' feathers.
Someone cut a chunk out of the footage.
They tampered with it.
I'll bet that's when they took the finger.
Which means...
Althea was telling the truth.
Yep.
Well. Charles and I
are gonna go to the precinct.
because if the cops
have any footage of Lester
falling into the fountain.
I wanna see it.
What about me?
You need to go
and apologize to that girl.
-[street traffic noise]
-[inaudible conversation]
[Loretta] [whispering]
Oh! Should we try to get closer?
No. no. no.
I don't want them to see us.
Also. the bod's starting to tighten up.
Did you pack a banana?
Hey. how's it going today?
Do you care about dogs dying?
-Well. obviously. yes.
-Oh. my God. yes. of course.
Well. I'm collecting signatures
to stop New York City
from opening its first ever casino.
Right now. there's a few competing bids.
They're all just terrible for the city.
-So. if you could just--
-Wait a minute. sorry.
What does that have to do with dogs?
[chuckles] Oh. uh. nothing.
I just find it's a helpful way
to get people to stop.
you know what I'm saying?
-Oh. my God. they're gone!
-Oh. geez. Ah!
-Uh. anyway--
-Saboteur!
[panting]
-Oh. God. where'd they go?
-We lost them.
Maybe we should head on up
to the corner and split up.
Or no.
No. we should go back to her house
and wait for them there. okay?
Oliver. what are you doing?
I didn't think this would still be here.
What?
[Loretta gasping]
Just for a minute.
can I show you something?
[Loretta] Okay. Ooh.
[♪ soft wistful music playing]
[door closes]
What?
-This is it.
-What?
The theater that made me love theater.
Oh. Oh. man.
Yeah. I can...
[chuckles] I can see it.
-[Oliver sighs]
-Little Ollie...
owning the spotlight. [laughing]
Well. it wasn't exactly like that.
No?
I was a-- a quiet kid.
-[laughing] Yeah.
-No. it's true. I was.
[Loretta chuckles softly]
Bouncing from place to place.
you learn quiet is good.
Hmm.
If you make yourself small...
maybe a family
will let you stay for a while.
So. I did. and it worked.
But I never...
felt at home.
Until one day... I stumbled into here.
[distant children laughing]
There were kids putting on a show...
[kids clamoring]
...and they were big.
and loud. and unapologetic.
-And I-- I wanted to be just like them.
-Yeah.
[Oliver] They asked me
to be in their play.
-[Loretta] Uh-huh?
-[Oliver] Bit part.
but being on that stage was the feeling
that I'd been searching
for my whole life.
-[Loretta] Mm.
-[Oliver] I rehearsed my little butt off.
hemmed my costume.
But when I worked up the courage
to invite Sue and Al...
they just...
I quit the play.
[♪ soft wistful music playing]
But on the night of the show.
I couldn't stay away.
-Mm.
-I snuck out...
-[chuckles]
-...dressed in that costume.
-just in case they still needed me.
-[Loretta chuckles]
And I watched
Pat Rafferty say my line.
[inaudible]
[audience applauds]
-[♪ music fades out]
-In my whole life...
I've only really felt
like myself in two places.
I think-- I think being back here today.
I-- I've... I finally understand
why I'm so afraid
-to leave the Arconia.
-Hmm.
I got an offer on my place.
It's big.
How big?
Late-career Brando big.
-Oh. boy.
-Yeah.
A cushion.
[chuckles] Would be nice.
Yeah.
Oh. what am I saying?
But then again. uh--
You know. you...
What are we doing?
[Loretta] I just...
[♪ gentle music playing]
I want you to say your line.
-[laughing] My what?
-Ollie.
You took this awful life you were given
and you turned it
into something beautiful.
I refuse to let you think there's
any place on Earth you can't be happy.
starting right here.
-Okay?
-Alright.
Okay. [clearing throat]
-[metal chair thumping]
-But only if you do
the never-performed
Emily Lawler monologue first.
-Oh. no. I'm not gonna-- No.
-Yes. yes. yes.
-Get up. come on.
-[laughing]
-I wanna see it.
-I-- I can't possibly.
-I haven't even...
-[Oliver sighs]
Man. I haven't thought
about that in year--
[with Cajun accent]
Mr. Thibideaux.
You must think
that I'm some damsel in distress.
Or maybe you think
that I'm still that little girl.
stuck down in Bob Turley's borehole.
beggin' for help.
But I'm not that little girl anymore.
Mr. Thibideaux.
[Oliver exclaiming. clapping]
One night. you gon' be lying in your bed.
warm and safe.
and I'm gon' find you.
And with Pa's gun delivered
straight down from heaven above.
I will put you in my sights
just like that 'gator.
[clicking tongue. chuckles softly]
I can't wait to lower that gun...
and tell you...
No.
[blows sharply]
Y'all ain't even worth killin'.
[smacking lips]
[Oliver laughing]
[applauding]
Bravo!
-Spectacular.
-Now. you! [giggles]
Okay.
[in Cockney accent]
Hey. Fagin!
[both]
These sausages are moldy!
[hands smack]
-That-- That was the line?
-That was it.
-Okay. That was it! [clapping]
That was-- That's all there was.
[wives applauding]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Loretta] [with Cajun accent]
Well...
if it ain't the crybaby con-artist.
Thought you could fool me. bitch?
You can drop the accent.
[normal voice] Okay. drop this.
We know about the emptied accounts.
We know about the bags of cash
passed between bloodthirsty broads.
What the hell is going on here?
Did you follow me
after my date with Ch...
-Where's Charles?
-Back off. Sofia! He's fragile.
I think we were both in a fragile.
yet slightly horny...
Don't change the subject.
Fine.
My husband ran
a few businesses in the Arconia.
and Lester worked for him.
I was bringing Rainey
Lester's cut.
-Yeah. money you killed your husbands for.
-Right.
Wait. nobody killed my husband.
He died by accident.
You think somebody killed my husband?
[Loretta laughing]
-Who the fuck killed my Lester?!
-[Oliver gasping]
-Y-You did.
-Wrong! Give me names!
-I'm scared now. I can't remember.
-There was a card game.
-Yes. Yes. Yes.
-In the Arconia the night of our wedding.
No. but he said he wouldn't work
for Nicky that night
so he could go to your wedding.
Oh. my God.
why wasn't I there?
Oh. because I was here.
We-- We had rehearsal.
Well. can anyone corroborate that?
Yeah. 23 tone-deaf kids.
They'll be here in a minute.
You know. I-- I teach musical theater.
I teach opera.
The money is to help
keep the lights on.
-That's... [gasps]
-So. do you have any idea
who could have killed your husbands?
Did they have any enemies?
-No one!
-Everyone.
Well. Lester didn't wanna tell me
much about what he did.
He didn't feel good about the job.
but he was hoping to save enough
for our big dream:
a place in the Arconia.
You know. it's where we met.
It's the last thing he ever said.
Look.
-[Oliver] "It's beautiful."
-[Loretta] Yeah.
-[sighing] It's...
-He got that right.
-[Loretta gasps]
-Okay. you're off my list
because you made me feel things.
You!
Why are you here?
[scoffs]
-[both screaming]
-[Loretta] No!
Relax! It's one of my dumb son's toys.
-Oh.
-Rainey's borrowing it
for her production of Newsies.
[kids clamoring]
-Hi. kids!
-Hey!
-[kids chattering]
-Newsies!
-Oh. Can I help?
-[overlapping chatter continues]
Thank you for caring about Lester.
And if this helps.
uh. the police found it on him.
It's one of his bird whistles.
I've carried it ever since.
Oh. thank you.
-[Sofia] Come on.
-[gun clicking]
-Who's playing Cowboy Kelly?
-[bird whistle chirping]
-[elevator dings]
-[♪ contemplative piano music playing]
Althea? It's Mabel.
Look. I came to talk--
-[shoe thuds]
-Oh!
What the hell?
-[THĒ grunting]
-[piano keys playing]
My name is THĒ!
-[shoe thudding]
-Oh. Ow! Jesus Christ!
THĒ!
Why are you throwing shoes at me?
Oh. did it hurt your feelings?
-No. but it hurt my arm!
-Good. 'cause you know what?
I'm a famous pop star now
who lives above you at the Arconia.
So. I have about a billion other
free shoes
with very spiky heels!
-[shoe thudding]
-[yelps] God. what is your problem?
Will you stop it?
I'm trying to apologize.
and you're acting like a fucking baby!
-[shoe thudding]
-[frame clattering]
-Oh!
-[THĒ] I'm the fucking baby?
You're the one that embarrassed me
in front of my new neighbors.
Well. you're the one
that made me afraid to be myself
and... be silly with girls.
Wait. what?
[sighs]
Sunny and Cloudy.
That thing we used to do
-before you changed.
-I changed?
Yeah. you dyed your hair pink
and made everyone call you "The". or...
You know what?
Only after you ghosted me.
I didn't ghost you.
My friend died.
I was depressed.
Well. nobody told me that.
so I was depressed. too.
I had to double my Lexapro.
Oh. I doubled my Lexapro.
Honestly. thank God for Lexapro.
Honestly. [sighing] thank God.
I don't know if you know this. but...
I wrote this song about you.
[Mabel] Yeah. the artwork
kind of gives it away.
The sun and cloud clued me in.
But you're wrong.
I never wished I was you.
I know that.
Because I wished I was you.
Oh. Mabel.
You ditched me for your city friends.
And every time I came to visit you.
you made me feel so lame.
And in my head.
the Arconia was. like.
the coolest. fanciest place.
And that is why I wanted to live here.
You made it my dream.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to make you feel lame.
You're objectively not.
I mean. you're friends
with Seth Rogen.
And Seth Meyers.
But you know. I really. really
could use an old friend.
You think we could start over?
Can I keep these shoes?
Are you still a size eight?
[♪ gentle music playing]
[door opens and closes]
Oliver. we got the courtyard
security footage.
This is it. Oliver.
Where's your laptop?
Uh. in my office.
Uh. young one. A word.
Uh-- Ooh. I love your boots.
Thanks. they're Althea's.
Oh. did you drop a house on her?
-Actually. the witches made up.
-Ah.
Well. speaking of houses...
Oh. no.
Are you really leaving?
I wanted to tell you first.
Okay. [chuckles]
I'm okay.
Are you-- Are you going far?
Are you kidding?
Who is Oliver Putnam
if he's not on the Upper West Side?
-[Loretta] Ollie. can you come help me?
-Oh. uh...
-[Loretta] [whimpering] Oh. man.
-I gotta send my new roomie
-back to the burn unit.
-[Mabel chuckles]
-[keyboard clacking]
-[phone chiming]
-[laughing]
-What?
Oh. sorry. it's just Priscilla.
she's so funny.
-[Charles texting]
-Look. Charles. I'm happy for you.
but if she starts asking for money.
or your mother's maiden name.
or childhood pet's name...
-[Det. Williams snickers]
-...just let me know.
You don't have to worry about that.
She's just interested in my day.
When I told her about the break-in.
you should have seen her face.
Well. actually.
I didn't even see her face
'cause the Wi-Fi in Portugal is so iffy.
You told her about the case?
Well. just a-- a little tidbit.
I mean. she had a thousand questions
about our plan.
and the conversation was slowing down.
You know what. give me your fuckin' phone.
You're being catfished. Charles.
-Okay. play the footage.
-[pressing computer keys]
-[♪ soft mysterious music playing]
-[footage glitching]
Oh. my God.
Wh-- S-So he was alone?
-No. look.
-[key clicking]
-[footage glitching]
-Oh. I knew it. I fucking knew it.
Okay. so if you look right here.
this glitch is from the same footage
as THĒ and Seth Rogen's.
Somebody has fucked
with this shit. too.
Something has been cut out.
Um... why is the Last Gasp
peach logo
the same as on the security footage?
It's the same company.
So. who owns the company
that edited our footage
and is pumping Charles
for info about our case?
-Hold on. I'm lookin'.
-[tapping keypad]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
What?
So. do we look
for another two bedroom
so we can still use all my furniture?
Mm. we could. we could.
Or we could start over.
I could do a Pinterest board.
which is kind of like a murder board.
but for finding our style
as a couple. [chuckles]
Alright. that would be great.
[elevator dings]
[Loretta] It takes bravery
to build a new home.
and it's easier to be brave
when you're in the arms
of someone
who makes you feel safe.
But even for those who do build anew.
there remains a fear.
For they know that danger
is always lurking.
and that no home is safe forever.
That's who's been messaging me?
Yup. and cooked the footage.
And maybe killed Lester.
-[phone chimes]
-What does it say?
[Sebastian "Bash" Steed]
You're such a smarty-pants.
Now. I need to come hunt you down.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ "Wish That You Were Me"
performed by THĒ playing]
♪ Bet you wish
that you were me ♪
♪ Yeah. wish that you were me ♪
♪ Bet you wish
that you were me ♪
♪ It must be tough
to keep me in a past life ♪
♪ When you wake up
and see me in the headlines ♪
♪ Ten times a month.
and that's just in my downtime ♪
♪ No. it's true.
you'd kill to have it too ♪
♪ I bet you wish that you could
have even half of my hits ♪
♪ And I know you're watchin' ♪
♪ So go ahead. read my lips. ah ♪
♪ Baby. I know you're so obsessed ♪
♪ See me in your dreams. ooh ♪
♪ Singing this song. it's in your heart ♪
♪ When you go to sleep. yeah ♪
♪ Wish that you were me ♪
♪ Bet you wish
that you were me. yeah ♪
♪ Wish that you me.
bet you wish that you were me ♪
[♪ song ends]
[♪ fanfare playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org